h1. Important notes on code/system

h2. General System Info

Due to historical reasons, we use the words "subtitles" and "captions" interchangeably.

The general idea is that someone logs in and starts subtitling a video. During a particular subtitling session, a @video.models.VideoCaptionVersion@ is created. If the subtitles are edited in a new subtitling session, a new @video.models.VideoCaptionVersion@ is created. The new VideoCaptionVersion contains the subtitles from the pervious VideoCaptionVersion along with any new edits.

A @video.models.VideoCaptionVersion@ has @is_complete@ of @True@ whenever someone gets to the end of the subtitling process. Each subsequent VideoCaptionVersion at this point will have @is_complete@ = @True@.

Each @video.models.VideoCaption@ in a @video.models.VideoCaptionVersion@ has a unique @caption_id@. This will identify that particular VideoCaption across versions.

Once there is a @video.models.VideoCaptionVersion@ with is_complete = true, people are allowed to translate the subtitles. Translations are versioned also, with each translation adding a TranslationVersion.

Each Translation is linked to its subtitle by @caption_id@.

h2. What are null captions and null translations?

"Null captions" and "null translations" are just captions and translations for development. You can ignore those. Classes like NullTranslations and methods like @Video#null_translation_language_codes@ (any method or class in videos.models containing "null" or "Null") can be ignored.
